>> Kyle Simpson: I can tell by the looks
on your faces that you're swimming in all
kinds of what on earth fatigue [LAUGH]
from all of these new things that
have been layered on.
Especially some of these last things,
which really kinda stretch your brain.
These are not things that I
figured out in five minutes.
It took days and weeks and
months to think about the grid and
think about what's missing and
think about conceptually what we need.
So don't feel bad if you are feeling that
fatigue or if you are feeling like the,
I'm swimming and
I don't even know what I'm doing.
That is entirely natural and okay.
I wanna remind you that
what the mission for
this course was is not for
you to walk away and be like,
certified I know everything about
the new JavaScript, recent JavaScript.
That isn't the mission.
The mission really is to adopt
the mindset that this is a train ride,
that you should hop on, hang on tight,
and enjoy the ride because
where we're headed with JavaScript
is a really amazing future.
It's an amazing future that isn't held
back by all of the mistakes of the past
where we have these long
periods of no updates.
It's not held back by the,
we're just gonna dump so
much stuff on you that you can't possibly
even learn it all, even in a few years.
Instead, we're going to have a regular
patterned release of results that little
by little by little improve our ability
to write JavaScript programs not that
just do x,y, and z but that communicate
well why we wanna do x, y, and z.
That's what makes me excited about
the stuff that's happened recently in
JavaScript and
the things that are just over the horizon.
And we'll definitely be talking about
those in the next version of this course.
Okay?
Thank you all for being here.
I appreciate it and happy JavaScripting.
>> Class: [APPLAUSE]